#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
base45==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   htmllistparse
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
bottle==0.12.25
    # via pywebview
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   clr-loader
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
clr-loader==0.2.7.post0
    # via pythonnet
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
evalidate==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-sock
flask-cors==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sock==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fusepy==3.0.1
    # via htmllistparse
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
html5lib==1.1
    # via htmllistparse
htmllistparse==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.34.2
    # via scikit-image
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jieba==0.42.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpickle==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain-core==0.3.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.5.1
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.72
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.4
    # via langchain-core
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lxml==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mouseinfo==0.1.3
    # via pyautogui
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
onnxruntime==1.18.1
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
openai==1.93.0
    # via langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   lazy-loader
    #   onnxruntime
    #   scikit-image
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   pystray
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
    #   scikit-image
protobuf==5.27.2
    # via onnxruntime
proxy-tools==0.1.0
    # via pywebview
pyautogui==0.9.54
    # via -r requirements.in
pyclipper==1.3.0.post5
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygetwindow==0.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pymsgbox==1.0.9
    # via pyautogui
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via mouseinfo
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
pyrect==0.2.0
    # via pygetwindow
pyscreeze==0.1.30
    # via pyautogui
pystray==0.19.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pythonnet==3.0.5
    # via pywebview
pytweening==1.2.0
    # via pyautogui
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywebview==5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
pyzbar==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidocr-onnxruntime==1.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   htmllistparse
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
scikit-image==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
shapely==2.0.5
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
simple-websocket==1.0.0
    # via flask-sock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   pystray
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.13.0
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.7.2
    # via scikit-image
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pywebview
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via flask
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via simple-websocket
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yamlcore==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
